<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!--
* @version $Id: HEADER 10411 2010-02-09 07:58:26Z moyo $
____________________________________________________________

 GLPI - Gestionnaire Libre de Parc Informatique
 Copyright (C) 2003-2010 by the INDEPNET Documentation Team.

 http://indepnet.net/   http://glpi-project.org
_____________________________________________________________

 LICENSE

 This file is part of GLPI Documentation.
_____________________________________________________________

--><!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="conclusion">
  <title>Conclusion</title>
  <body>
    <p>To go further: You are not alone!</p>
    <p>GLPI is a community project. Its strength is its powerful
community in which you can rely to carry out your
project.</p>
    <p>You will find below the list of resources and discussion forums that
you can use to go further.</p>
    <section>
      <title>Catalog of plugins (plugins) for GLPI</title>
      <p>The catalog of plugins (plugins) to add functionality
GLPI is easily available here <xref href="http://plugins.glpi-project.org" format="html"/>. You&apos;ll find all the available plugins for GLPI
classified by topic and evaluated by users of GLPI.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Documentation and wiki</title>
      <p>In addition to this documentation, a wiki providing additional information
is visible at this address: <xref href="http://glpi-project.org/wiki" format="html"/>.
Feel free to add your tips and tricks.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Forum </title>
      <p>The forum is a place for community outreach. Ask your questions about
this space, taking care to respect the rules of operation that
its own. Then you can request the advice, opinion, and support of other users. Remember to do the same later with new
beginners to share your experience.</p>
      <p>All mailing lists are visible at this address: <xref href="http://glpi-project.org/forum" format="html"/></p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Mailing lists</title>
      <p>L&apos;ensembles des listes de discussions sont visibles à cette adresse : <xref href="http://glpi-project.org/spip.php?article4" format="html"/></p>
      <p>The list of users: This list is for questions about
the use or installation of GLPI. This is the list that you will
more likely to get help.</p>
      <p>The developers list: This list of work is intended for discussion
on programming and development of GLPI. If you
want to report a bug, it is preferable to use the forum or this
development list and your return will be considered by the team
developing.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>GLPI project partners</title>
      <p>The increasing demand for services around the GLPI project has given
birth has a network of partners. These partners are able to you
provide services with high added value and support the GLPI deployment
you need. As an end user, you are
assured of close collaboration between the GLPI project and its partners and you support the project since each partner is committed to
contribute actively to the GLPI project.</p>
      <p>A list of GLPI partner companies is available on the project site : <xref href="http://glpi-project.org" format="html"/></p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
