<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!--
* @version $Id: HEADER 10411 2010-02-09 07:58:26Z moyo $
____________________________________________________________

 GLPI - Gestionnaire Libre de Parc Informatique
 Copyright (C) 2003-2010 by the INDEPNET Documentation Team.

 http://indepnet.net/   http://glpi-project.org
_____________________________________________________________

 LICENSE

 This file is part of GLPI Documentation.
_____________________________________________________________

--><!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.--><!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2005 All Rights Reserved. --><!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../dtd/topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="access_control_intro" xml:lang="fr-fr">
  <title>Administer access control</title>
  <shortdesc>This section describes how to administer the system access control which allows each user access to specific use.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>Each user in GLPI does not have access to the same interface or to
same functionality. For each user, a specific user environment
 is determined, which allows them access to features
and elements of information to which access is enabled. Access
information in user profiles is used to determine the
permissions.</p>
    <p>At first, you must link GLPI to an identity management system. GLPI can locally manage authentication and user personal information. However, the management of users and authentications often has
 an similar external identity management system (directory), and it is preferable
to delegate authentication to it and use the information
in this external system. This is addressed in Chapter <xref href="config_auth.dita"/>.</p>
    <p>The daily implementation of or related to the 
identity management repositories lead to the creation and deletion, synchronization,
activation and deactivation of user accounts and their
associated personal data. This is addressed in Chapter <xref href="administration_user.dita"/>.</p>
    <p>The personal data of users can associate them with
groups, entities and profiles, which are the means of determining
contexts of access control. </p>
    <p>The groups bring together the users based on
similarity of skills or organizational units. This issue is
discussed in Chapter  <xref href="administration_group.dita"/>.</p>
    <p>Entities can  segment the organization and  departmentmental groups that are separate from each other. This is addressed in Chapter  <xref href="administration_entity.dita"/>.</p>
    <p>The profiles define the access permissions to be granted to
their members. This is addressed in Chapter  <xref href="administration_profile.dita"/>.</p>
    <p>Finally, we must administer access control: determine authorizations and assign them to users. These authorizations are used by
assignment rules to determine the dynamic clearances  of users. This is addressed in Chapter  <xref href="administration_rule_right.dita"/>.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
