<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!--
* @version $Id: HEADER 10411 2010-02-09 07:58:26Z moyo $
____________________________________________________________

 GLPI - Gestionnaire Libre de Parc Informatique
 Copyright (C) 2003-2010 by the INDEPNET Documentation Team.

 http://indepnet.net/   http://glpi-project.org
_____________________________________________________________

 LICENSE

 This file is part of GLPI Documentation.
_____________________________________________________________

--><!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.--><!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2005 All Rights Reserved. --><!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../dtd/topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="config_common_personalize" xml:lang="fr-fr">
  <title>Personalize the interface</title>
  <shortdesc>Display preferences that can be set with default values and that users can change for their session are grouped in tab <uicontrol>Personalization</uicontrol>.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>The section <uicontrol>Personalization</uicontrol> permits changes the general display preferences : </p>
    <p><ul>
        <li>The number of results to display per page search and listings can be defined. The value here not exceed the maximum set in the general options display. </li>
        <li>Drop-down lists can be displayed either as a tree or flat. </li>
        <li>CSV delimeter can be defined, either as a semicolon (;) or colon (,). </li>
        <li>GLPI identifiers (ID) objects, hidden by default, can be displayed. </li>
        <li>The number of associated elements visible to the selection of a tab can be activated. This allows to quickly determine the presence or absence of information related to the current object.</li>
        <li>Display preferences related to location are configured here: date format, number format, display order of names, and language.</li>
        <li>The number of results to display on the home page can also be defined. </li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>The section <uicontrol>Assistance</uicontrol>   permits changes to the behavior of the support section : <ul>
        <li>Default values for new tickets (i.e. pre-selection of the user as a technician at creating a ticket) and request source</li>
        <li>Choice of the display of new tickets</li>
        <li>Automatic refresh of the list of tickets</li>
        <li>Priority colors used in the interface</li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>The section <b>Software category</b> permits the display of software categories. These can be displayed in full
or folded in the form of a list of <uicontrol>Categories of software</uicontrol>. </p>
    <p>The section <b>Remote access key</b> can regenerate the security key used to access private flows offered
by GLPI. Current ICAL and WebCal planning flows are protected by this security key and is
integrated into the url.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
