<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!--
* @version $Id: HEADER 10411 2010-02-09 07:58:26Z moyo $
____________________________________________________________

 GLPI - Gestionnaire Libre de Parc Informatique
 Copyright (C) 2003-2010 by the INDEPNET Documentation Team.

 http://indepnet.net/   http://glpi-project.org
_____________________________________________________________

 LICENSE

 This file is part of GLPI Documentation.
_____________________________________________________________

--><!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.--><!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2005 All Rights Reserved. --><!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../dtd/topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="helpdesk_lifecycle" xml:lang="fr-fr">
  <title>Understanding the ticket lifecycle</title>
  <shortdesc>The viewing and editing options of the life cycle of tickets is managed per profile and can be found in the menu <menucascade>
      <uicontrol>Administration</uicontrol>
      <uicontrol>Profiles</uicontrol>
    </menucascade> under the tab <uicontrol>Life Cycles</uicontrol>.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <section>
      <p>The different statuses possible for a ticket are New, Processing (assigned), Processing (planned), Pending,
Solved, and Closed. These are not configurable or changeable.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Management rules</title>
      <p>Upon its creation, ticket status is <b>New</b>. When a technician defines the assigned group and/or technician responsible for the incident, the ticket status will automatically change to  <b>Processing (assigned)</b>. Similarly, if a new task is added  then the status becomes <b>Processing (planned)</b>. When a solution is added to the ticket, then it takes
status <b>Solved</b>. Finally, when the requester or editor validates the proposed solution, then the ticket status is  <b>Closed</b>.</p>
      <note>The technician can change the status at any time, particularly to overcome the status <b>Pending</b>.</note>
      <note>The requester can delete their ticket if it is in status New and no action was conducted for this ticket.</note>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Matrix of calculus for priority</title>
      <p audience="advanced">ITIL best practices separate urgency (user defined), the impact of the incident (a user,
service, function ...) which is normally filled by the technician. A matrix is then used to calculate
the priority associated with the ticket based on these two criteria. GLPI provides a  standard predefined matrix which 
allows compatability identical  to the ticket status function in previous versions of the application (where these
two notions of urgency and impact does not exist). </p>
      <p>The matrix of calculus for priority of a ticket according to the urgency and impact can be modified
and is found in the menu <menucascade>
          <uicontrol>Setup</uicontrol>
          <uicontrol>General</uicontrol>
        </menucascade> under the tab <uicontrol>Assistance</uicontrol>. (see <xref href="config_common.dita"/>).</p>
      <p>You can select different levels of impact, urgency, or priority to be used in the helpdesk,
as well as disable some levels: to do this, simply  set the level selected No. Note that the Medium level
is not deactivated.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
