<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!--
* @version $Id: HEADER 10411 2010-02-09 07:58:26Z moyo $
____________________________________________________________

 GLPI - Gestionnaire Libre de Parc Informatique
 Copyright (C) 2003-2010 by the INDEPNET Documentation Team.

 http://indepnet.net/   http://glpi-project.org
_____________________________________________________________

 LICENSE

 This file is part of GLPI Documentation.
_____________________________________________________________

--><!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.--><!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2005 All Rights Reserved. --><!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../dtd/topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="helpdesk_actors" xml:lang="fr-fr">
  <title>Define the actors and their roles</title>
  <shortdesc>Define the actors and their roles</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>Here are the different roles that traditionally found in  support services :</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Requesters : are the users or user groups known in GLPI to be initiating the ticket.</li>
      <li>Technicians (&quot;Assigned&quot;): the management of a ticket is made either by a technician or by skill group or by a provider referenced in the application.</li>
      <li>Watchers : are users or groups of users that receive notifications.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>Depending on the user&apos;s role, GLPI changes the information visible and possible actions.

</p>
    <p>Technicians are the actors with the most complete information, and the wider latitude of action
on the tickets.

</p>
    <p>The requester and the watcher roles will see only the information necessary to meet their demand.

</p>
    <p>In the case of multiple users or groups, only the first user or group is defined when creating
the ticket, additional players are added later. A user, having no right to change
but the actors can see the ticket with his clearances, has the opportunity to become an observer.</p>
    <note>In the case of unknown requestors GLPI, emails can also be associated with a ticket. The default option (no user selected) at the level of requester or watcher can enter an email in the box. In addition, notifications must be activated (see <xref href="config_notification.dita"/>). </note>
    <note>In GLPI, assigning one of these roles is at the level of management clearances of users (see <xref href="administration_rule_right.dita"/>). </note>
  </body>
</topic>
