<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!--
* @version $Id: HEADER 10411 2010-02-09 07:58:26Z moyo $
____________________________________________________________

 GLPI - Gestionnaire Libre de Parc Informatique
 Copyright (C) 2003-2010 by the INDEPNET Documentation Team.

 http://indepnet.net/   http://glpi-project.org
_____________________________________________________________

 LICENSE

 This file is part of GLPI Documentation.
_____________________________________________________________

--><!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.--><!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2005 All Rights Reserved. --><!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../dtd/topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="install_wizard" xml:lang="fr-fr">
  <title>Use the installation wizard</title>
  <shortdesc>Use the GLPI online installation wizard</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>To begin the installation, point the browser on the root folder of GLPI : <xref href="http://&lt;ADRESSE_GLPI>" format="html">http://&lt;GLPI _ADDRESS&gt;</xref>.

</p>
    <p>When you first connect to this address, a procedure step-by-step starts. </p>
    <section>
      <title>Choice of language (Select your language) </title>
      <p>The first step is to choose the language in which the installation takes place. To install in &quot;English&quot;,
select <b>English</b> then validate.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>License</title>
      <p>The use of GLPI is subject to acceptance of the license GNU General Public License. This
license is proposed for reading. Once the license is read and accepted, submit the form. If this is not the case,
is impossible to access the following steps.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Start the installation: Installation or update GLPI</title>
      <p>Clien on <b>Installation</b>.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Step 0 : Verify compatibility with your environment running GLPI</title>
      <p>This step will verify that the system meets the prerequisites for installation. If this is not the case, it is impossible
access additional steps and an explicit error message indicates the action to be taken before attempting to
again. If all the checks have been successfully completed, submit the form.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Step 1 : Configure the connection to the database</title>
      <p>Connection settings to the database are required.</p>
      <ul>
        <li><b>MySQL Server</b> : Enter the network path to access the server, for example : <i>localhost</i>, or <i>mysql.domain.com</i></li>
        <li><b>MySQL User</b> : Enter the user name with the right to connect to MySQL server</li>
        <li><b>MySQL Password</b> : Enter the password associated with the user defined above </li>
      </ul>
      <p>Once these three fields are correctly filled out, submit the form. If the parameters are invalid, a
error message is displayed and you must change the connection settings and try again.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Step 2: Create or choose the database and initialize it</title>
      <p>Once the server connection is established, it must create or select the database designed to accommodate
the application data and then initialize GLPI.

</p>
      <p>Two possibilities :

<ul>
          <li>
            <p>Base to accommodate the data using existing GLPI instance :</p>
            <p>Select the database in the list of databases displayed. OK to initialize the database.</p>
            <note type="caution">The contents of the selected database will be destroyed upon initialization.</note>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p>To create a new database to hold the GLPI data :</p>
            <p>Select <b>Create a new database</b>. Enter the name of the new database in the text field provided
for this purpose. Select OK to create the database.</p>
            <note type="important">This step requires the user to have the necessary rights to create a new database.</note>
          </li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Step 3 : Initialization of the database</title>
      <p>This step initializes the database with default values. If an error occurs, read the
information.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Step 4 : The installation of GLPI is now finished</title>
      <p>This step provides a summary of the installation procedure and lists the user accounts created.
Read this information carefully and click submit to make the first connection to the application.
</p>
      <note type="tip">Default users accounts are :<p><i>glpi/glpi</i> for the administrator account</p><p><i>tech/tech</i> for the technician account</p><p><i>normal/normal</i> for the normal user</p><p><i>post-only/postonly</i> for the post-only user</p></note>
      <note type="attention">Of course one must then delete or change these default accounts for obvious reasons of security. Be sure <u>before</u> deleting the accounts to create a new glpi user using the super-admin profile. </note>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
