<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!--
* @version $Id: HEADER 10411 2010-02-09 07:58:26Z moyo $
____________________________________________________________

 GLPI - Gestionnaire Libre de Parc Informatique
 Copyright (C) 2003-2010 by the INDEPNET Documentation Team.

 http://indepnet.net/   http://glpi-project.org
_____________________________________________________________

 LICENSE

 This file is part of GLPI Documentation.
_____________________________________________________________

--><!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.--><!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2005 All Rights Reserved. --><!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../dtd/topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="navigate" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Navigate GLPI modules</title>
  <shortdesc>Navigation through the modules is done via the top bar of the interface.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>The various functions of GLPI are grouped into six modules. These modules were built around
similar contexts of use. The top bar of the interface is used to navigate between these modules :<ul>
        <li>The module <uicontrol>Assets</uicontrol> provides access to various hardware inventory. See <xref href="inventory.dita"/>.</li>
        <li>The module <uicontrol>Assistance </uicontrol>allows to create and track tickets, as well as view statistics. See <xref href="helpdesk.dita"/>.</li>
        <li>The module <uicontrol>Management</uicontrol> allows to manage contacts, vendors, budgets, contracts and documents. See <xref href="management.dita"/>.</li>
        <li>The module <uicontrol>Tools</uicontrol> allows you to manage notes, knowledge base, reservations and view reports. See <xref href="tool.dita"/>.</li>
        <li>The module <uicontrol>Administration </uicontrol>provides administration of users, groups, entities, profiles, rules and dictionaries. It also allows the application maintenance (backup and restore database, check if a new version is available, etc.). See <xref href="administration.dita"/>.</li>
        <li>The module <uicontrol>Setup</uicontrol> provides access to general configuration options of GLPI: dropdowns, components, notifications, SLAs, checks, automated tasks, authentication, receivers, external links, plugins. See <xref href="config.dita"/>.</li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>The menus presented to the user vary depending on the clearances of the logged in user. See <xref href="administration_profile.dita"/>.</p>
    <p>The browsing context is presented to the user in the breadcrumb.</p>
    <p>There are keyboard shortcuts used to navigate from one module / sub module to another. Here is the list of these
shortcuts : </p>
    <p><ul>
        <li>1 -&gt; Home</li>
        <li>
          <b>Assets :</b>
          <ul>
            <li>o -&gt; Computers</li>
            <li>s -&gt; Software</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <b>Assistance</b>
          <ul>
            <li>t -&gt; Tickets</li>
            <li>a-&gt; Statistics</li>
            <li>p -&gt; Planning</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <b>Management :</b>
          <ul>
            <li>d -&gt; Documents</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <b>Tools :</b>
          <ul>
            <li>b -&gt; Knowledge Base</li>
            <li>r -&gt; Résevations</li>
            <li>e -&gt; Reports</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <b>Administration :</b>
          <ul>
            <li>u -&gt; Users</li>
            <li>g -&gt; Groups</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <b>Setup :</b>
          <ul>
            <li>n -&gt; Dropdowns</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>






</p>
    <p>The key combination to associate with these shortcuts varies by operating systems and browsers
used. Examples for the following browsers : </p>
    <p><ul>
        <li>Mozilla Firefox<p>Simultaneously press the keys <i>Alt</i>, <i>Shift</i> and <i>the desired shortcut</i>.</p></li>
        <li>Internet Explorer 7 and above<p>Simultaneously press the keys <i>Alt</i>, <i>Shift</i> and <i>the desired shortcut</i>, then tap <i>Enter</i> to validate the destination.</p></li>
        <li>Opera<p>Simultaneously press the keys <i>Esc</i>, <i>Shift</i> and <i>the desired shortcut</i>.</p></li>
      </ul></p>
  </body>
</topic>
