<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!--
* @version $Id: HEADER 10411 2010-02-09 07:58:26Z moyo $
____________________________________________________________

 GLPI - Gestionnaire Libre de Parc Informatique
 Copyright (C) 2003-2010 by the INDEPNET Documentation Team.

 http://indepnet.net/   http://glpi-project.org
_____________________________________________________________

 LICENSE

 This file is part of GLPI Documentation.
_____________________________________________________________

--><!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.--><!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2005 All Rights Reserved. --><!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../dtd/topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="start_pref" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Managing user preferences</title>
  <shortdesc>User preferences are changing from the menu <menucascade>
      <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol>
    </menucascade></shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>Each authenticated user has the ability to change their preferences.</p>
    <p>The <menucascade>
        <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol>
      </menucascade>  menu is at the top and right of the interface, from any page. </p>
    <section>
      <title>Main Tab</title>
      <p>Users can edit personal information here: First name, Surname, Email addresses, phone numbers, language, etc. </p>
      <note>Some fields are not editable if they come from an LDAP directory.</note>
      <p>The user can add email addresses and select the default address, which will be used for sending
notifications.</p>
      <p>The user may also specify certain default behaviors of the application, such as the profile and the default select entity  when connecting to the interface (see  <xref href="administration_profile.dita"/> and <xref href="administration_entity.dita"/>). </p>
      <p>The experienced user may also choose to exit the  <userinput>normal</userinput> mode of the application by selecting
one of the following fashion :</p>
      <p><ul>
          <li>In <userinput>translation</userinput> mode, text strings depending on the locale are identified; this mode allows the translator to find and easier to translate text strings. </li>
        </ul><ul>
          <li>In <userinput>debug</userinput> mode, GLPI displays errors, all values of variables, SQL queries, etc. It is useful to enable this mode in case of GLPI malfunction. Thus much information can be communicated to the developers of the GLPI project. This mode also allows to have information additional on various objects in a specific tab (notifications, etc.).</li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Personal View tab</title>
      <p>This tab allows you to reset the display customization of the various lists. The user can, for
each type of object, return to the default display by removing this customization (see <xref href="navigate_manageitem.dita"/>).</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
